Include information on proxying to a nonstandard port (#654)
edgio-docs/edgio-docs: src/pages/guides/basics/edgio_config.md

| disableCheckCert | Boolean | A flag to turn off the TLS certificate check when making proxy requests to the backend site or API. By default it is `false` and for security purposes we strongly recommend that it is kept `false` in production environments. When using this option, you may also want to run your app with the `NODE_TLS_REJECT_UNAUTHORIZED` environment variable set to "0" to allow node to fetch from sites with invalid certificates.                                            |
| port             | Number  | The port on which the backend receives https requests. Defaults to 443 but you can specify any other acceptable port value. Note that specifying `80` has no special meaning as {{ PRODUCT_NAME }} will never send secured requests to unsecured backends. To [enable HTTP traffic](/guides/security/security_suite#ssl) on a backend you must have a route matching `http` protocol in your router and serve content from that route. All HTTP traffic assumes port `80` on the backend. |

> ### Nonstandard Ports {/*nonstandardports*/}

Reviewer: Consider using `Custom Ports` instead. If you prefer `non-standard`, then you should hyphenate all instances (e.g., `Non-standard Ports`).

> If you need to proxy to a nonstandard port (not 443 or 80) then you must us `compute` to do so. This is for security reasons. 

Reviewer 2: Can we elaborate on "security reasons"? Just for my knowledge. Is it something we'll eventually support?

> If you need to proxy to a nonstandard port (not 443 or 80) then you must us `compute` to do so. This is for security reasons. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For security reasons, you must use the [compute](/docs/api/core/classes/_router_responsewriter_.responsewriter.html#compute) function to proxy requests to a custom port (e.g., a port other than 443 or 80). 
```

For instance, proxying to a backend named "commerce" on a nonstandard port would use the following in their `routes` file.

> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```js filename="./routes.js"
```
